<p>In March 2020, in Czechia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was -0.9 points. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 83.86 points more than in US. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 75.3 points more than in US. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 204.04 points. In Czechia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was 0.9 percentage points less than in US. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 178.88 points. </p><p>In February 2020, in Czechia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was 2 percentage points less than in US. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 81.77 points more than in US. It was 201.53 points. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 76.51 points more than in US. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was 40.2 points. In Czechia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was -1.5 points. </p><p>In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was -1.9 points. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 77.59 points more than in US. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 173.98 points. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 169.54 points. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' was 167.51 points. In Czechia, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was 5.8 points. </p>
