<p>In February 2020, in Norway, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' was -4.1 points. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 81.77 points more than in US. It was 201.53 points. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 76.51 points more than in US. In Norway, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' was 4.1 percentage points less than in US. In Turkey, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was 40.2 points. </p><p>In January 2020, in Norway, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'energy' was -5.4 points. In Turkey, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was 42.2 points. It was 38.9 percentage points more than the EU average. It was 39.1 percentage points more than in US. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 177.92 points. It was 76.3 points more than the EU average. </p><p>In Norway, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 5.7 percentage points more than the EU average. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 80.91 points more than in US. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 76.86 points more than in US. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 199.83 points. It was 94.09 points more than the EU average. In Norway, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'energy' was 6.2 percentage points less than the EU average. </p>
