<p>In January 2020, in Estonia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 1.3 percentage points more than in US. In Turkey, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was 42.2 points. It was 38.9 percentage points more than the EU average. It was 39.1 percentage points more than in US. In Estonia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 1.5 points. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 177.92 points. </p><p>In Estonia, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was -3.2 points. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 76.3 points more than the EU average. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 80.91 points more than in US. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 76.86 points more than in US. In Estonia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 1.5 percentage points more than the EU average. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 199.83 points. </p><p>In February 2020, in Estonia, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was 6.6 points. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 81.77 points more than in US. It was 201.53 points. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 76.51 points more than in US. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was 40.2 points. It was 37 percentage points more than in US. </p>
