<p>In March 2020, in Greece, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 12.9 points. It was 14.1 percentage points more than in US. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 42.1 points. It was 42.5 percentage points more than in US. The country had the highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' across the observed countries. The country had the highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' across the observed countries. </p><p>The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 8.6 points. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 2.9 points. In Turkey, it was 9.3 points. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 172.39 points. Greece had the highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' across the observed countries. In January 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was -7 points. </p><p>In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 4.4 points. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 169.54 points. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 9.6 points. Greece had the 2nd highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' across the observed countries. In Italy, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 5.6 points. In Portugal, it was 3.8 points. </p>
