<p>In March 2020, in Greece, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 12.9 points. It was 14.1 percentage points more than in US. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 8.6 points and monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 4.4 points. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 42.1 points. It was 42.5 percentage points more than in US. </p><p>The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' was 2.6 points and monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total goods' was 2 points. In February 2020, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 5.1 percentage points less than in US and March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and seasonal food' was 2 points. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and unprocessed food' was 2 points and monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding tobacco' was 1.3 points. </p><p>In February 2020, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was -0.9 points and March 2020, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 24.9 points less than in US. In February 2020, the country had the 8th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0 points. It was 0.2 percentage points less than in US. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 91.95 points. </p>
