<p>In March 2020, in Bulgaria, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was 1.3 percentage points less than in US. It was -1.3 points. In February 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0.3 percentage points more than in US. It was 0.5 points. The country had the 4th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. In March 2020, the country had the 14th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' across the observed countries. </p><p>The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 3.66 points less than in US and monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 0.7 percentage points less than in US. It was -0.8 points. In February 2020, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 4.24 points less than in US and March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was -1.7 points. It was 1.8 percentage points less than in US. </p><p>In January 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0.1 percentage points more than the EU average. The country had the 8th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0.1 percentage points less than in US. It was 0.1 points. In the country, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food' was 5.6 points and March 2020, in Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 83.86 points more than in US. </p>
