<p>In March 2020, in Czechia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was 0.9 percentage points less than in US. It was -0.9 points. In February 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was 2 percentage points less than in US. It was -1.5 points. In January 2020, it was 3.3 percentage points more than the EU average. It was 4 percentage points more than in US. </p><p>The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was 4.4 points. In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was -1.9 points. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was 5.8 points and monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was 2 percentage points less than in US. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was 3.9 percentage points more than in US and yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding tobacco' was 3.7 points. </p><p>In January 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food' was 2.3 percentage points more than the EU average. It was 3.1 points. In March 2020, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 4.9 points and February 2020, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was 6.1 points. In March 2020, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy' was 3.8 points. The country had the 13th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' across the observed countries. </p>
