<p>In March 2020, in Cyprus, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 7.72 points less than in US and February 2020, it was 8.62 points less than in US. In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'unprocessed food' was -5.5 points. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 90.96 points. In February 2020, it was 92.23 points. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was -2 points. </p><p>The country had the 8th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0 points. It was 0.2 percentage points less than in US. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 4.7 percentage points less than in US. In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food and non-alcoholic beverages' was -1.4 points. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food' was -1 points. </p><p>The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food and non-alcoholic beverages' was 1.9 percentage points less than in US. In January 2020, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 8.1 points less than in US and February 2020, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was -0.5 points. In January 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0 points. The country had the 9th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0.2 percentage points less than in US. </p>
