<p>In March 2020, in Spain, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was 1.2 percentage points more than in US. It was 1.2 points. The country had the highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' across the observed countries. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 5.2 points and monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 24.1 points. In February 2020, the country had the 8th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. </p><p>The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0 points. It was 0.2 percentage points less than in US. In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 24.5 percentage points more than in US and February 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' was -1.2 points. It was 1.2 percentage points less than in US. In January 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was the same as the EU average. </p><p>The country had the 9th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0 points. It was 0.2 percentage points less than in US. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 83.86 points more than in US and March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and unprocessed food' was 1.7 points. In Spain, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' was 1.8 percentage points less than in US. </p>
