<p>In February 2020, in Switzerland, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0 points. The country had the 8th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0.2 percentage points less than in US. In January 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was 1.7 percentage points more than in US. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was the same as the EU average. It was 0 points. </p><p>The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0.2 percentage points less than in US. The country had the 9th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was 2.4 percentage points more than the EU average. It was 2.4 points. In March 2020, in Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 83.86 points more than in US and February 2020, in Switzerland, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'unprocessed food' was -4.2 points. </p><p>In March 2020, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was -4 points and February 2020, in Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 81.77 points more than in US. In March 2020, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 75.3 points more than in US. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 204.04 points. In the country, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 201.53 points and February 2020, in Switzerland, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 2.35 points less than in US. </p>
