<p>In March 2020, in Belgium, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was 1.6 percentage points less than in US. It was -1.6 points. In February 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 5.6 points. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 23 points. It was 20.1 percentage points more than in US. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total goods' was 2.1 points. </p><p>In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was 0.7 percentage points less than in US. The country had the 15th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' across the observed countries. In February 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was 3.5 points. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 3 points and monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' was 2.5 points. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and seasonal food' was 2.1 points. </p><p>The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was 3.5 percentage points more than in US and monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' was -1.5 points. It was 1.5 percentage points less than in US. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and unprocessed food' was 2.1 points and monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy' was 2.1 points. In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was -0.9 points. </p>
