<p>In March 2020, in Spain, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was 1.2 points. It was 1.2 percentage points more than in US. The country had the highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' across the observed countries. The country had the 15th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' across the observed countries. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was 15.23 points more than in US. In February 2020, it was 13.93 points more than in US. </p><p>In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 5.2 points. The country had the 4th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' across the observed countries. In January 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was -5.8 points. It was 3.2 percentage points less than the EU average. The country had the 25th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' across the observed countries. In February 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was -0.5 points. </p><p>In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 24.1 points. The country had the 4th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' across the observed countries. In January 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was -21.4 points. It was 10.3 percentage points less than the EU average. The country had the 33rd highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' across the observed countries. In February 2020, the country had the 34th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' across the observed countries. </p>
