<p>In March 2020, in Belgium, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was -1.6 points. It was 1.6 percentage points less than in US. The country had the 15th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' across the observed countries. In February 2020, the country had the 11th highest value for it across the observed countries. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was -0.3 points. It was 0.3 percentage points less than in US. </p><p>The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 5.6 points. The country had the highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' across the observed countries. In January 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was -5 points. It was 2.4 percentage points less than the EU average. The country had the 23rd highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' across the observed countries. In February 2020, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 105.4 points. </p><p>The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 23 points. The country had the highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' across the observed countries. In January 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was -19 points. It was 7.9 percentage points less than the EU average. The country had the 32nd highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' across the observed countries. In February 2020, the country had the 5th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' across the observed countries. </p>
