<p>In February 2020, in Sweden, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0.8 points. It was 0.6 percentage points more than in US. The country had the 2nd highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. In March 2020, it was 1.7 points. It was 1.7 percentage points more than in US. The country had the highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. </p><p>The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was -1 points. The country had the 17th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' across the observed countries. In February 2020, it was 2 points. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 2.6 points. The country had the 4th highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' across the observed countries. In January 2020, the country had the 18th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' across the observed countries. </p><p>In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was -1.9 points. It was 2 percentage points less than in US. The country had the 19th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' across the observed countries. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was -0.1 points. The country had the 26th highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' across the observed countries. It was 1.2 percentage points less than in US. </p>
