<p>In March 2020, in Greece, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 8.6 points. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 2.9 points. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 172.39 points. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 9.3 points. Greece had the 2nd highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' across the observed countries. In January 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 4.4 percentage points less than the EU average. </p><p>In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 4.4 points. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 169.54 points. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 9.6 points. Greece had the 2nd highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' across the observed countries. In February 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was -1.7 points. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 94.13 points. </p><p>In March 2020, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 14.1 percentage points more than in US. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 42.1 points. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 12.9 points. The monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 42.5 percentage points more than in US. In February 2020, it was -6.8 points. The harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 75 points. </p>
