<p>In February 2020, in Sweden, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0.8 points. It was 0.6 percentage points more than in US. The country had the 2nd highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. In Turkey, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0.9 points. It was 0.7 percentage points more than in US. The country had the highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. </p><p>In March 2020, in Sweden, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was -1 points. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 178.88 points. It was 77.59 points more than in US. In Sweden, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 0.9 percentage points less than in US. The country had the 17th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' across the observed countries. In February 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 2 points. </p><p>In March 2020, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was -1.9 points. It was 2 percentage points less than in US. In Turkey, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was 157.94 points. It was 55.14 points more than in US. Sweden had the 19th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' across the observed countries. In Slovenia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was -2.3 points. </p>
