<p>In March 2020, Austria had the 22nd highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' across the observed countries. In February 2020, in Bulgaria, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and seasonal food' was 0 points. In January 2020, in Belgium, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total services' was 0.7 percentage points more than the EU average. Italy had the 5th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' across the observed countries. In March 2020, Belgium had the 13th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' across the observed countries. The country had the 17th highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' across the observed countries. </p><p>In January 2020, in Austria, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 98.34 points. In March 2020, Slovakia had the 11th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food' across the observed countries. In January 2020, in Denmark, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was 106.5 points. In February 2020, Sweden had the 17th highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' across the observed countries. In March 2020, in Cyprus, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was -0.1 points. In Switzerland, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 97.21 points. </p><p>In February 2020, Austria had the 12th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' across the observed countries. The country had the 5th highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' across the observed countries. In January 2020, in Malta, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 11.6 percentage points less than the EU average. In Spain, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items' was -1.4 points. In March 2020, Netherlands had the 20th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'unprocessed food' across the observed countries. In Cyprus, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' was 0.9 points. </p>
