<p>In February 2020, Cyprus had the 37th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and unprocessed food' across the observed countries. In March 2020, in Hungary, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 103.47 points. In Finland, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'health' was 2.2 percentage points more than in US. In February 2020, Czechia had the 6th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' across the observed countries. In January 2020, in Cyprus, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was 95.04 points. In March 2020, the country had the 15th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' across the observed countries. </p><p>The country had the 31st highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food and non-alcoholic beverages' across the observed countries. In January 2020, Austria had the 14th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' across the observed countries. In February 2020, Finland had the 16th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' across the observed countries. In March 2020, in Luxembourg, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 4.44 points more than in US. In January 2020, in Malta, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was -0.6 points. Czechia had the 5th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. </p><p>In Cyprus, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 92.1 points. In March 2020, Hungary had the 6th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'unprocessed food' across the observed countries. In January 2020, in Germany, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 3.7 percentage points less than the EU average. Bulgaria had the 23rd lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' across the observed countries. In March 2020, Norway had the 2nd lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' across the observed countries. In February 2020, Denmark had the 22nd highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' across the observed countries. </p>
