<p>In February 2020, Switzerland had the 9th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'health' across the observed countries. In January 2020, Italy had the 32nd highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' across the observed countries. In Cyprus, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was 0.2 percentage points more than the EU average. In February 2020, Czechia had the 4th highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy' across the observed countries. In January 2020, in France, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items' was 105.24 points. In March 2020, in Poland, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 2.3 points. </p><p>In Switzerland, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 2.8 percentage points less than in US. In January 2020, in the United States, it was -0.8 points. In Netherlands, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was 1.7 points. Serbia had the 30th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' across the observed countries. In February 2020, in Denmark, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' was 3.2 percentage points less than in US. Netherlands had the 13th lowest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total services' across the observed countries. </p><p>In March 2020, Switzerland had the 9th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' across the observed countries. In Latvia, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total goods' was 108.08 points. In February 2020, Netherlands had the 4th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' across the observed countries. In Cyprus, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food and non-alcoholic beverages' was 0.6 percentage points more than in US. In Slovakia, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'energy' was 2.8 points. In January 2020, in Latvia, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 0.21 points less than the EU average. </p>
