<p>In January 2020, in Germany, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items' was 0.6 percentage points less than in US. Poland had the 5th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and seasonal food' across the observed countries. Portugal had the 31st highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total goods' across the observed countries. In Lithuania, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and unprocessed food' was 3 points. Germany had the 11th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' across the observed countries. In March 2020, Finland had the 7th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' across the observed countries. </p><p>In Germany, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding tobacco' was 0.1 points. In January 2020, in Hungary, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' was 0.2 points. The yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding tobacco' was 4.4 points. Finland had the 4th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'health' across the observed countries. In March 2020, in Serbia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 1.1 percentage points more than in US. In January 2020, in the United Kingdom, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total goods' was 105.3 points. </p><p>In Germany, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 3.97 points more than in US. In February 2020, Croatia had the 6th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and unprocessed food' across the observed countries. In January 2020, in Greece, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' was -2.4 points. In Germany, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was 0.1 percentage points more than the EU average. In March 2020, in Turkey, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items' was 0.9 percentage points more than in US. In January 2020, in Croatia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0.1 percentage points more than the EU average. </p>
