<p>In February 2020, Czechia had the 4th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and unprocessed food' across the observed countries. In March 2020, in Norway, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was 6.1 points. In January 2020, Slovenia had the 17th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food and non-alcoholic beverages' across the observed countries. In March 2020, Malta had the highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'energy' across the observed countries. In Finland, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 98.61 points. In February 2020, in Switzerland, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was 98.04 points. </p><p>In January 2020, in Czechia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food and non-alcoholic beverages' was 1.5 percentage points more than the EU average. In March 2020, Serbia had the 15th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and seasonal food' across the observed countries. In Cyprus, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'energy' was -1.8 points. In February 2020, in North Macedonia, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was -1 points. In Belgium, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'health' was the same as in US. In January 2020, in Serbia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total goods' was 1.4 percentage points more than the EU average. </p><p>In March 2020, Czechia had the 5th highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food and non-alcoholic beverages' across the observed countries. In Netherlands, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total goods' was -0.2 points. In January 2020, in Switzerland, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' was 100.31 points. In March 2020, Spain had the 29th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total goods' across the observed countries. In January 2020, Romania had the 12th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' across the observed countries. In Greece, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' was 3 percentage points less than the EU average. </p>
