<p>In January 2020, Estonia had the 9th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items' across the observed countries. Italy had the 25th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding tobacco' across the observed countries. In March 2020, Sweden had the 11th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' across the observed countries. In January 2020, Switzerland had the 3rd lowest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'unprocessed food' across the observed countries. In March 2020, Netherlands had the 5th lowest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. In Estonia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was 0.1 percentage points more than in US. </p><p>In February 2020, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 3.4 points. In March 2020, Bulgaria had the 7th highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and seasonal food' across the observed countries. In February 2020, Portugal had the 12th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'energy' across the observed countries. In January 2020, in Croatia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'unprocessed food' was 1.9 percentage points more than the EU average. In February 2020, in the United Kingdom, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 0.2 percentage points less than in US. In Sweden, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total goods' was 0.3 points. </p><p>In January 2020, Estonia had the 15th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' across the observed countries. In Norway, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding tobacco' was 0.5 percentage points more than the EU average. In Poland, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'unprocessed food' was 9.5 percentage points more than the EU average. In Switzerland, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and seasonal food' was 4.4 points less than the EU average. In Spain, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was 104.94 points. Sweden had the 21st lowest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'unprocessed food' across the observed countries. </p>
