<p>In January 2020, Greece had the 38th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' across the observed countries. In March 2020, Austria had the 10th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food' across the observed countries. In February 2020, Bulgaria had the 16th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' across the observed countries. Italy had the 15th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food' across the observed countries. In January 2020, in Estonia, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was -3.2 points. North Macedonia had the 8th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' across the observed countries. </p><p>In Greece, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total services' was 0.2 percentage points less than the EU average. In Czechia, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 110.8 points. In February 2020, Slovenia had the 14th highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' across the observed countries. In March 2020, France had the 24th highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'health' across the observed countries. In February 2020, the United Kingdom had the 23rd highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' across the observed countries. In January 2020, Lithuania had the 18th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' across the observed countries. </p><p>In February 2020, in Greece, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items' was -0.4 points. In March 2020, Luxembourg had the 19th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items' across the observed countries. In Turkey, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 0.3 percentage points more than in US. In January 2020, in Portugal, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'hotels, cafes and restaurants' was 106.33 points. In February 2020, in Italy, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' was 0 points. In March 2020, in Hungary, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding tobacco' was 3.6 points. </p>
