<p>In March 2020, Spain had the 9th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' across the observed countries. In February 2020, in Hungary, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' was 2 points. In January 2020, in Austria, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'education' was 0 points. In February 2020, Germany had the 4th highest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total services' across the observed countries. In January 2020, in Spain, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was 0.5 percentage points less than the EU average. In March 2020, in Norway, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' was 2.4 percentage points more than in US. </p><p>In February 2020, Spain had the 3rd lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' across the observed countries. In March 2020, in Ireland, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'alcoholic beverages and tobacco' was 0.8 percentage points less than in US. In January 2020, in Italy, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'recreation and culture' was 0.2 percentage points more than the EU average. In February 2020, in Iceland, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items' was 1.1 percentage points more than in US. In January 2020, the United Kingdom had the 15th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding tobacco' across the observed countries. In Turkey, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'health' was 3.8 percentage points more than the EU average. </p><p>In March 2020, in Spain, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy, food, alcohol and tobacco' was 104.74 points. In Finland, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' was -0.4 points. In February 2020, the country had the 7th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'transport' across the observed countries. In January 2020, in Netherlands, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 0.3 percentage points more than the EU average. In February 2020, Latvia had the 7th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'unprocessed food' across the observed countries. In January 2020, Netherlands had the 14th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and seasonal food' across the observed countries. </p>
