<p>In March 2020, Finland had the 6th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and unprocessed food' across the observed countries. The country had the 31st highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'furnishings, household equipment and maintenance' across the observed countries. Hungary had the 7th highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'industrial goods' across the observed countries. In January 2020, North Macedonia had the 23rd highest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'miscellaneous goods and services' across the observed countries. In February 2020, in Czechia, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food' was 4.8 points. In January 2020, in Cyprus, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'clothing and footwear' was 7.7 percentage points less than the EU average. </p><p>In February 2020, in Finland, the yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'total goods' was 0.8 points. In March 2020, in Czechia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food' was 1 points. In February 2020, in Denmark, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' was 95.8 points. In March 2020, in Iceland, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'energy' was 106.89 points. In January 2020, Portugal had the 4th lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'non-energy industrial goods' across the observed countries. In Turkey, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels' was 0.8 percentage points more than the EU average. </p><p>In March 2020, in Finland, the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'communication' was 95.82 points. In January 2020, Lithuania had the 13th highest harmonized consumer price index for the category 'unprocessed food' across the observed countries. Hungary had the 20th lowest monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'food and non-alcoholic beverages' across the observed countries. In March 2020, in Czechia, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding tobacco' was 0 points. In February 2020, in Bulgaria, the monthly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'unprocessed food' was 0.7 points. In January 2020, Turkey had the 23rd lowest yearly growth rate of the harmonized consumer price index for the category 'all items excluding energy and seasonal food' across the observed countries. </p>
